**7/6/17 - Communities**

Have best hits of each species name in std_out. Have the actual line from names.dmp in each std_out file too, now just need to copy paste the actual line in into my custom names.dmp file?

Also, think I'll have to look at the taxonomy and crawl up the taxonomy tree to figure out which upstream nodes/names I'll need to include as well. 


I was going to write a parallel version again, both because I think it'll be faster and because I think it'll be good to get in the rhythm of writing directly for the cluster. 

Can I just write a python script with the appropriate SGE headers and submit it directly instead of writing a wrapper shell script? 

I'm not sure if I can, I've tried playing around with the two shell flags (the shebang line and the -S line) but it's not working for either...I think I should move on to stop wasting time and just write a wrapper script. I can revisit this eventually. For the record, turns out the correct shebang line to be using is 

	#! /usr/bin/env python
	

**Note** 

It looks like one of the species: Clostridium sporogenes DSM 795 isn't in the NCBI taxonomy tree? There are 3 other strains with associated taxonomy numbers but this strain isn't in there. I don't think it's a huge deal, but I'm going to manually write in the line in the NCBI reference names.dmp file from just the Clostridium sprogenes level (not the strain level, since fuzzywuzzy suggested  a strain level match that is the incorrect strain. 

The current matching line is:

	1075091	|	Clostridium sporogenes PA 3679	|		|	scientific name	|
	
I'm going to change it to 

	1509	|	Clostridium sporogenes	|		|	scientific name	|
	
which is a different taxonomy id number. Sounds like Alice might not know which strain is the right one, but either way it might be labeled incorrectly. It might be the ATCC strain (that's ATCC 15579, Taxonomy ID 471871, GCF_000155085.1. Note that if this is the case
**you will have to swap out the core fasta file, recompile the reference fasta file, and rebuild the index having swapped out the fasta file**


Also, one of the filenames was incorrectly labeled. This file:

	GCF_000153925.1_ASM15392v1_genomic.fna Ruminococcus torques ATCC 7756.fna
	
should be called

	GCF_000153925.1_ASM15392v1_genomic.fna Ruminococcus torques ATCC 27756.fna

the reference numbers were fine, just the species name. Changed the fname in the core fasta file and the raw mapping file. Shouldn't be an issue in the compiled fasta file. 

Also, 

	GCF_000012845.1_ASM1284v1_genomic-Parabacteroides-diastonis-ATCC-8503.fna
	
should be 

	GCF_000012845.1_ASM1284v1_genomic-Parabacteroides-distasonis-ATCC-8503.fna

